Fix jarsigner PKIX error for non-exportable AKV certificates via AIA chain completion (#47977)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-jca/CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

### Bugs Fixed

> - Stopped recording secrets in `FINER` level logs. Method entry logging passed the client secret, every Key Vault JSON response body and the private key PEM content as parameters, so enabling `FINER` (or a finer level) wrote the client secret in clear text along with access tokens and PKCS12 key bundles. Only non-secret parameters are logged now. Review any logs captured at `FINER` or finer with previous versions, and rotate the credentials they contain.

Reviewer: I would rephrase this entry to not make the issue we're fixing as obvious to potential attackers.

```suggestion
- Stopped recording sensitive data in `FINER` level logs. Review any logs captured at the `FINER` level or lower in previous library versions and rotate any sensitive data contained there.
```

- Fixed bug: `jarsigner` reports invalid certificate chain (`PKIX path building failed: unable to find valid certification path to requested target`) when using a non-exportable Azure Key Vault certificate. When the certificate chain returned by Azure Key Vault is incomplete, the missing intermediate CA certificates are now downloaded at runtime using the CA Issuers URL in the AIA (Authority Information Access) extension of each certificate. Chains that are already contiguous are used as-is, so no network request is made. ([#44267](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/issues/44267))

### Other Changes
- Added system property `azure.keyvault.jca.disable-aia-download` to disable automatic AIA chain completion. AIA chain completion downloads certificates from URLs embedded in certificate extensions, so this allows locked-down environments to prevent those outbound HTTP(S) requests, mitigating potential SSRF-like attack vectors when loading untrusted certificates. Set to `true` to disable (defaults to `false` for backward compatibility).

> - AIA chain completion caches the certificates published at each CA Issuers URL for 24 hours, so certificates sharing an issuer and successive refresh cycles no longer re-download the same immutable issuer certificates. Cached certificates are still fully validated on every use.

Reviewer: We don't need to include the second change because the behavior it alters never made it to a release.
```suggestion
- Added system property `azure.keyvault.jca.disable-aia-download` to disable automatic AIA chain completion. AIA chain completion downloads certificates from URLs embedded in certificate extensions, so this allows locked-down environments to prevent those outbound HTTP(S) requests, mitigating potential SSRF-like attack vectors when loading untrusted certificates. Set to `true` to disable (defaults to `false` for backward compatibility).
```
